[upbeat pop music]
[goat bleats]
- Emma, what was that sound?
- What sound?
[goat bleats]
- That.
Are you okay?
- Yeah, we're just rehearsing
for drama class.
Andi was cast as a goat.
- You signed up for drama?
I thought you hated drama.
Ever since you were
in that second grade play
and had that little accident.
- Dad.
No, Andi.
- What was that?
- Nothing.
Just more rehearsing.
Andi, no.
Don't go see the fortune teller
at the forbidden lake.
No, Andi.
That's my chemistry homework.
- Emma, you know
I trust you, but--
- Just a second, Dad.
Bad goat!
Bad goat.
- Okay, I'm gonna give you
to the count of five,
and then I'm coming in, okay?
One...
Two...
- Give it back.
- Three...
four...
- I know goats eat everything,
even candy,
but I'd prefer if this one
once again became Andi.
[upbeat pop music]
WOMAN: ♪ I cast a spell ♪
♪ It takes a hold of you ♪
♪ I see my dreams ♪
♪ And they're all
coming true ♪
♪ Come on ♪
♪ Let's go ♪
♪ You and me together ♪
♪ Look up ahead ♪
♪ There's a magical adventure ♪
♪ Every witch way ♪
♪ Ay-ay-ay-ay-ay ♪
♪ I'm trying
every witch way ♪
♪ Ay-ay-ay-ay-ay ♪
♪ I'm going
every witch way ♪
♪ Ay-ay-ay-ay-ay ♪
♪ Every witch way ♪
- Okay.
What's going on?
Is she eating paper?
- She was, uh, hungry.
- Oh, so she just decided
to eat paper?
- Well,
it's my chemistry homework,
so it's full of calcium,
sodium, and magnesium.
[laughs]
Get it?
It has minerals, so...
never mind.
- Is my cooking really that bad?
- Oh, that was so close.
Andi, I'm so sorry I turned you
into a goat.
I didn't think my spell
would actually work.
I hope you're not mad.
- That was awesome!
Let's try another one.
Turn me into a cheetah.
No, wait.
A komodo dragon.
A saber-toothed tiger.
- Let's try this one more time.
I'll even start the spell off
for you this time, okay?
Ready?
With mother's help,
I'll never fail.
Turn this purse into a--
- A...backpack.
- Maddie, you need
to concentrate.
- No, I need a mani.
This color is so two hours ago.
- You know what?
If you learn to cast spells,
you won't even have to worry
about your nail color anymore,
because you can
just cast a spell
every time you want
to change nail polish.
- Ooh, really?
- Yes.
- I love that!
- Yay!
Okay, here we go.
Okay, concentrate.
Ready?
With mother's help,
I'll never fail.
Turn this purse into a--
- A...belt?
A bracelet?
A tiara?
- Okay, you know
it has to rhyme with "fail."
- And you couldn't
just say that?
- [sighs]
- Maybe I should just tell
my dad what's happening,
and he can give me some help
or something?
- Yeah, what's he gonna do?
Call the witch doctor?
[laughs]
Get it?
'Cause you're a witch.
- I got it.
But maybe my dad actually knows
what's happening,
and he can explain it to me.
- I say we keep it
to ourselves
until we've got it
all figured out.
Now let's go over what we know.
- Not much except that each
time something weird happened,
I was extremely nervous.
- Aha.
The pressure.
I do my best homework
when I'm under pressure.
- Homework.
I forgot to redo it
after the goat fiasco.
What am I going to do?
- About what?
- Daniel, hey.
It's just, I don't have
my chemistry homework.
- What happened to it?
- A goat ate it.
[giggles]
- How's it going?
- I'm almost done.
- You better hurry.
Lunch is almost done too.
- No, I'm starving.
- Keep working.
I have an idea.
Heads up.
Great catch.
- Nice.
Keep it going.
- Okay, you're really good
at this.
Like, freakishly good.
- I'm glad all those summers
at grape-catching camp
are paying off.
- What's going on?
- I think they might be
on a date
except we're at school,
so I'm going to guess lunch.
- Daniel, we need to talk.
- I'm busy.
- You can't be busy.
You're alone.
- Actually, I'm here.
- So it's the perfect time
to talk.
- This is exactly why
we're not getting back together,
because you can be so rude.
- [scoffs]
Oh, I'm so sorry.
How are you?
What you working on?
- Hey, give it back!
Somebody already ate it once,
and I'm not losing it again.
- Maddie...
- Hey, hey.
Hey.
So you ready for tryouts?
- I guess.
Is there a lot of competition?
- Nah, just one.
- [gasps]
G-Gigantor Joshua?
- Yep.
And no one wants him
on the team,
so you're our only hope.
No pressure.
- Stop it.
- You're gonna tear it.
- Then let go.
- It's my homework.
- [giggles]
- You tore it.
- It's okay.
She didn't tear up all
of the answers.
Maddie, why would you
do that?
- I just wanted to, uh...
check her answers
and make sure
they were correct
because I'm such
a generous person.
- [laughs]
Good one.
Ooh!
- Wait, I have a stapler
in my locker.
- What part of stay away from
Daniel do you not understand?
- Look, I don't know
what your damage is,
but you can't tell me who I can
and can't be friends with.
- I think Daniel
really likes her.
- No, he doesn't.
- Actually,
a lot of people like her.
- Then it's time for everyone
to give her the cold shoulder.
For now and forever
and without a doubt,
everyone in school
will freeze Emma out.
- Emma?
[tapping]
- It's an ice sculpture
of Emma.
It looks exactly like her.
- What?
That's not what I mean to--
But this works too.
- I couldn't find my stapler,
but I guess this will work.
Emma?
What's wrong with her?
- Ha!
Where do I start?
Number one,
her shoes are heinous.
- Guys!
Guys, over here.
I need some help.
- Whoa.
What happened to her?
- She's dripping.
- See?
She's thawing.
Cured.
Now, Daniel, back to us.
- We have to get her
to the nurse's office.
[indistinct chatter]
- [scoffs]
- Don't worry, guys.
I've seen this before.
Come on.
She's not frozen.
She has an inverted cold.
Some hot towels, some tea,
shell be good as new.
- Inverted cold?
I've never heard of that.
- Well, are you a doctor?
A nurse?
A cold and flu enthusiast?
I didn't think so.
Let's go.
- Wait.
- You're new here,
aren't you?
I'm Mac.
Mac Davis.
- Lily.
Nurse Lily.
And don't even think about it.
Let's go.
Come on.
- [mumbling]
- Come on. No.
All right, Emma, I'll get you
thawed out in a jiffy.
Now where's that blowtorch?
- Come on, Joe,
we've been over this.
Floating is not swimming.
- My turn.
- One minute, Joshua.
I want to get everyone out
of the pool before you--
- I said now!
[rock music]
♪ ♪
- He's not
Shark material, Julio.
- Maybe not, but we have
to give everyone a shot.
I just need to figure out
who's gonna race him.
- I am.
- Just in time.
All right. Let's go. Ready?
- Okay, I just need
to get my pants off.
- No time, no time.
Good luck.
- What?
- Do you know
how this happened?
- Well, I was catching grapes
Daniel was tossing at me,
like...
Then Maddie came over
and was all, "Daniel is mine."
Then suddenly I was all,
"help me."
- Maddie van Pelt?
I should have guessed.
- You know her?
- I know that she's a witch.
Like you.
But I think Maddie might
turn out to be a bad witch.
- I don't know what
you're talking about.
- Yes, you do.
- You think I'm a witch?
- I know you are.
But don't worry.
So am I.
- Oh, yeah?
- I was sent here
to protect you
and help you become
a better witch.
- Ugh, what's in this tea,
arugula?
Because it's disgusting.
- You drank three cups of it.
- Well, my taste buds were
frozen, but now they're fine.
And I'm fine.
And I've got to go.
- Emma, wait.
I'm telling the truth.
I'm your Guardian.
- Honestly,
I don't have any powers.
None at all.
See?
I'm all b-b-b-better.
I don't n-n-n-need you.
- If you are who we think
you are, you do need me,
or you might lose your powers
during the next eclipse.
- Let's go!
- Tony, come on.
- Yes, yes, yes, yes!
- Come on, come on!
[all cheer]
- That's what I'm talking about.
- We're saved.
- Congratulations.
You made the team.
- Thanks, Mom.
- Oh, whoa--
- ♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
PRINCIPAL: Sharks are a menace.
They're too strong as a group,
so I'll have to take them down
one by one.
But which one first?
Ah, here we go.
Mac Davis.
Perfect.
Mac Davis,
I'll start it with you.
- Maddie, calm down.
Anger is not good
for your complexion.
- Is that why her face
is so splotchy?
- That girl
is ruining everything.
She's gonna get it.
- Um, I think freezing her solid
would count as her getting it.
- But it's got to be something
that makes her stay away
from Daniel for good.
Emma ignores everything
that I say,
so make a huge storm
that will send her away.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Maddie!
- That was awesome!
- So do they know?
- No, Mrs. van Pelt.
We definitely don't know
that Maddie is a witch.
- Oh, my gosh.
- You three realize you have got
to keep this a secret, right?
- They won't say anything.
- Good, because we're going
to need them.
You have spells to cast.
- You said I wasn't ready.
- I know,
but we're running out of time.
Everyone listen carefully.
- So she said she was going
to freeze you out,
and then you froze.
Glue gun.
- Like a popsicle.
- If we know of two witches
at Iridium High,
do you think
there could be more?
- Sure.
Why not?
- I want an extra large pizza
with lots of meat-sa.
- Great rhyming.
- Just checking.
You never know.
Tweezers.
- That would be so cool
if you were a witch.
Then you could help me deal
with Maddie and her spells.
Power drill.
- Well, I may not have
magic powers,
but I'll do everything
I can to help you keep yours.
- Aw, thanks.
That's so sweet.
- Yeah, yeah.
Don't get all kumbaya on me.
- Now, Maddie,
just like we practiced.
Change her clothes.
- I want a blue blouse.
Turn Sophie into a mouse.
- No! No!
- I thought everything
would look gigantic,
but it's all the same size.
No, wait.
Maddie's chin definitely looks
much bigger.
- What?
Why didn't it work?
You said all I had to do
is rhyme.
- Because that's the structure
of the spell.
You need the concentration
and the intention behind it
to make it work.
- Fine.
Then I intend
to make you all only two feet,
six inches tall.
[all shriek]
- Whew!
It's okay, you guys.
Maddie's still terrible
at casting spells.
- Okay, let's get started.
Andi.
- Okay, everybody, we have a new
Shark in the water, Tony Meyer.
[cheers and applause]
But before you can race,
you're gonna have
to go through
the Terrible Three's
Tunnel of Doom.
ALL: Ooh.
- Um, I don't think
I like the sound of that.
- We're gonna be timing
how long exact--
- Don't worry.
It'll be fun.
Just depending
on your definition of fun.
- Stop interrupting
the announcer.
We're gonna be timing
how long it takes
for you to find
five inflatable sharks
in the Tunnel of Doom.
ALL: Ooh.
- Without setting off
any of the traps set
by the Terrible Three.
- In the Tunnel of Doom.
What's your problem?
- Can I look at the tunnel
before I go in?
- No.
Good luck.
- Your time starts now.
- Shh, shh, shh.
[crash]
[all exclaim]
- That's gonna hurt.
- Can we just go back to why
my mouse spell didn't work?
It was so easy when I froze Emma
into an ice sculpture.
- You what?
Actually,
that's very impressive.
Maybe we--I mean you--
actually do stand a chance
of stealing
the Chosen One's powers.
- I do?
- Mm-hmm.
But you absolutely must master
undoing other witches' spells
in case you have to have a duel
with the Chosen One
when the time comes.
- A duel?
Ooh, what am I going to wear?
- Spells first.
Appropriate duel attire later.
[both squeal]
- Hi, picking up
a pizza order under Alonso.
- Mm-hmm.
- Hello, Emma.
- Ah!
What?
Are you following me?
- No, I just happened
to see you leave your house,
happened to see you head
this way,
so I headed this way.
Okay, I'm following you.
I really need to talk to you.
- About what?
- That "inverted cold"
you had.
- That.
Well, I'm all better.
See, just a normal girl going
about her normal life
picking up some normal pizza.
- One extra-large cheese,
pineapple, spinach,
and anchovies
on a whole-wheat crust?
- Thank you.
What? You never had
an all-five-food-groups pizza?
- I know.
I know.
You just want to be ordinary
to fit in,
but you're not ordinary.
You're extraordinary.
It's overwhelming at first.
But I'm here to help you.
Tell me.
Have you found
your signature gesture yet?
- My what?
- Your signature gesture.
Every witch has one.
It's how you cast a spell.
- Oh. No.
But somehow I was still able
to turn Andi into a goat.
I mean--
- Busted.
- No.
I meant something different.
That was just
a metaphor for--
- You already did
an animal transformation?
That's impressive.
And supports our theory
about you.
- What theory?
- That you are the Chosen One.
[funky music]
- ♪ Are you ready for this? ♪
♪ You ready for this,
you ready for this? ♪
♪ Are you ready for this,
♪ Are you ready for this? ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
- ♪ Are you ready for this? ♪
♪ You ready for this? ♪
♪ Are you ready for this? ♪
♪ Are you ready
for this? ♪
♪ You ready for this? ♪
- Ah, man.
- Man, really breezed
through this tunnel, didn't I?
- Now all that's left is
to ring that victory bell.
[all chuckling]
[bell ringing]
- Whoa!
Uh-oh.
[laughter]
- Welcome to the team.
- So as my Guardian,
what do you do?
- I teach you all about magic.
I protect you
until after the eclipse.
- Want some?
- Mm.
Not bad.
- And what's so special
about the eclipse?
- It's the only time
another witch,
if she has all
the right tools,
can steal
the Chosen One's powers.
- That sounds dangerous...
for the Chosen One,
I mean,
who is definitely not me.
- I know it's a lot to take in.
Just take some time
to process it all.
- Do you need a lift home
or something?
My dad can give you a ride.
- Nah. I'm just going
to ride my broom home.
- Is that a real thing?
- No. I'm kidding.
Don't believe everything you see
on TV about witches.
- Right, except for all
that stuff about spells
and magical powers.
- Okay.
Except for that.
I'll see you in school.
I'm sorry about your mother.
I've heard great things
about her.
- My mother?
Wait. She was a--
[upbeat rock music]
♪ ♪
- I'm excited
to see Andi race.
I really want to support her,
especially after
I turned her into a--
- Into?
- Into a scrapbooker.
She was pretty upset.
- Hands in.
- Who are we?
ALL: The Sharks!
- What do we do?
ALL: We rule the water!
Go Sharks!
- Sharks!
- Oh, oh, oh, whoa.
Oh. Ah.
What a coincidence.
- Hello, neighbor.
- Hi.
- What?
You didn't think he was
waving at you, did you?
- I--
- Oh...
that's so cute
and so wrong.
- Whatevs.
[both gasp]
- Did you just "whatevs" me?
- She totally
just "whatevs'd" you.
- I'm here for Daniel.
- He's gonna win, right?
- With me here,
I'm sure he will.
He can feel my presence.
- I don't know.
That guy Mike from the Dolphins
might beat him.
- He won't.
- How do you know?
Does being a witch mean
you're psychotic too?
- Psychic, Sophie.
Psychic.
- I just have to make sure
Mike swims slower than Daniel
and maybe make him look
ridiculous while doing it.
Perhaps with doggie paddle.
- You can't do that.
- You can't tell me what to do.
- I'm not.
I'm just saying that Daniel
wouldn't want to cheat.
- How do you know what he wants?
- She's right.
He's all uptight
about that cheating thing.
- Remember that time
you wrote the answers
to the algebra test
on your hands,
and he made you wash them?
- Sophie!
- Look, I just think Daniel's
an honest guy
and wants to win or lose
on his own.
- But I don't date losers.
- I thought you
weren't dating anymore.
[both gasp]
- Now you've done it.
- Swimmers, to your positions.
[cheers and applause]
- I'll make sure
I fix this battle.
Make him do
the doggie paddle.
- What was that?
- What was what?
- Uh, the ray of lightning
that just hit Daniel?
- Oops.
- On your marks...
[dramatic music]
[upbeat pop music]
♪ ♪